QC FINDER TOOL
Updated: October 13, 2021 (Change this date whenever you run the tool!)

Note: the updater aspect of this tool does not work at the moment. It will
need to be fixed and then once it is working we need to delete the .dat and
.o files and then run the updater using the new DIRLIST which only includes
areas that are officially installed into the game...Delete this note after
the updater tool is fixed.

This tool's directory contains the following files:

/d/Qc/obj/find/DIRLIST
Contains the file paths of every "area" that's installed in the game. If you
are using "hatfind" and cannot find a certain object or monster then it is
possible the file path is missing from this list. Another reason is that the
object or monster may have been coded poorly with incorrect set_name and
set_alias, and so the tool has a hard time locating it with the keyword that
you searched with, and those files would need to be fixed.

/d/Qc/obj/find/find.c
Handles the saving and loading of information to and from the FIND_DATA.dat
and FIND_SAVE.o files.

/d/Qc/obj/find/FIND.dat
/d/Qc/obj/find/FIND.o
These files contain the file paths and aliases of things that were scanned.
If these files do not exist then they will create themselves the next time
the tool is ran. It is recommended that you delete both of these files before
running the tool so that you can get a clean, fully updated finder.

/d/Qc/obj/find/finder.c
This is the actual tool that you will use to update things with. Clone the
tool on port 4444, do not use it anywhere else! Then to use the tool you will
type 'traverse /d/Aalgirzst/' or whichever path is alphabetically first in
the DIRLIST and it will start scanning that path and all of the ones below it
in the list, until it finishes. This tool will take about 4 hours to complete
from the time you start, so be sure to only attempt it at the start of a
fresh reboot for optimal results, fastest speeds, and the most stability
since nothing will be loaded yet.

/d/Qc/obj/find/README
This is the file you are reading now, it tells you how this tool works.
